now the moment you've all been waiting for the instant impact dashboard
Howard by tvsquared
this dashboard is one of the first-of-its-kind for local measurement Solutions
and we're excited to demonstrate the impact of Comcast advertising to our clients
ultimately the dashboard enables you to have relevant and actual conversations they put you in a place of educating a client
every Advertiser will have access to their own
dashboard that reflects the impact of their linear television campaign
correctly tagging the website is critical and all its orbital activity is reported
The Advertiser web manager is responsible for accurately implementing the
tags so that we can better all visitation
the dashboard display the series of mattress and charts
contained within each of these you will see and I icon
at any time you can click on these and it just no information will be displayed
you'll know that immediate visit her and visit
lift had wanted a sport as these are the results
of the key component of what we're sharing with clients
these numbers demonstrate how the advertises website traffic
increase as a result of their advertising campaigns with us
there are three icons on the top of the right pays
the first display the dashboard side view
if you need to tell the dashboard on your tablet iPad or mobile device
is enabled do to prevent the day that very easily
simply access URL and your device and login as you normally would
just go through the numbers
Flex the left and right arrows
by selecting the icons on the bottom left you can view full screen
you can choose a date range you wish to view
changing the date range automatically update the dashboard so that all metrics and
Graphics represented are for this day ring
at any point you can download an image of this a sport to include in presentations
to the right of the carousel on the top of the page is the filter icon
this enables you to refine the results shown in the dashboard I creative day park day of week end zone
this wide range of options allows users
to truly customized inside
to your Advertiser
the dashboard also displays results for key performance indicators
including immediate visitors visit
and the to use our actions pre-selected for measurement
they're two graphs in the dashboard that display media visitors
visit and spots
you can toggle to add or remove my brakes were finding the comparison
the top graph Compares results by week
the bottom graph defaults to his own comparison but users can click different button
to compare campaign details like creative weekday or depart
NOTE lang en